surely the manor never-before-seen by
yourselves or any other audience
anywhere in the world
audience laughter these trees celebrate
a real magician tries to invent
something you've got something that
other magicians will scratch their heads
over I suppose you have such a treatment
that's you out there someone they're
gonna remember me for what happened it
was the greatest magic trick I've ever
seen
need to know how he does it
he has no true it's real every great
magic trick consists of three acts the
first act is called the pledge the
magician shows you something ordinary
but of course it probably isn't the
second act is called the turn he's
obsessed with discovering your method
the magician makes this ordinary
something do something extraordinary now
you're looking for the secret and you
won't find it that's why there's a third
act called
the prestige Department the twists and
turns their lives hang in the balance
did you see something shocking you've
never seen before
this was built workmen who completely do
what magicians pretend to do real magic
now let's do it you own the truth
nothing is impossible
no secret secrets in my life
[Music]